1.26 CLI Release (#3671)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

- **Stable versions**: {{CLI_VER_LATEST}}, {{CLI_VER_2}}, and {{CLI_VER_3}}. See [Astro CLI release and lifecycle policy](cli/release-lifecycle-policy.md) for more information about support for CLI versions.

## Astro CLI 1.26.0

Release date: April 24, 2024

> ### Scope Organization and Workspace API tokens to Deployments and Workspaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New commands to assign Organization and Workspace API tokens at different levels
```

> You can centralize your API Token management by using the Astro CLI to add an Organization or Workspace API token to a specific Deployment or Workspace. This allows you to use a single API Token across multiple Deployments or Workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use the Astro CLI to manage Organization and Workspace API tokens at the Workspace and Deployment level using the following commands:
```

- [`astro deployment token organization-token`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deployment-token-organization-token)
- [`astro deployment token workspace-token`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deployment-workspace-token)

> - [`astro workspace token organization-token`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-workspace-token-organization-token)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`astro workspace token organization-token`](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-workspace-token-organization-token)

For more information about this feature, see:

- [Assign an Organization or Workspace API token to a Deployment](deployment-api-tokens.md#assign-an-organization-or-workspace-api-token-to-a-deployment).
- [Assign an Organization API token to a Workspace](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/workspace-api-tokens#assign-an-organization-api-token-to-a-workspace)
```

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where secret environment variables with an empty string in the deployment file were being updated as empty. The secret variable value now persists.
> - Fixed an issue where `deployment inspect` was outputting the wrong Airflow API URL.
> - Fixed a bug that caused some input checks for `astro deployment upgrade-checks` to invalidate some valid inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where existing secret environment variables in a Deployment file could be applied to the Deployment with an empty value. The secret variable value now persists.
- Fixed an issue where `astro deployment inspect` generated an incorrect Airflow API URL.
- Fixed a bug that caused some input checks for `astro deployment upgrade-checks` to fail against valid inputs.
```
